# Intro To AI - Security Risks And Ethical Considerations

This practice is an opportunity to learn more about how AI might affect your
future career by answering a series of research focused questions.

The objective is to engage with current events, research papers, opinion
pieces, and example outputs of generative AI and how they might affect your
career as a software engineer.

## Discussion period after practice

At the conclusion of this practice period you will break out into groups to
discuss what you have learned and how this information might be relevant in
your future careers as software engineers.

## Setup

- Download the files from the practice starter following the link at the bottom.

## Why is it important to learn about security risks and ethical considerations regarding AI?

Like in many professions, the advent of AI advancements are causing an influx of
changes in the field of software engineering. Depending on your first steps
after graduating, some of the issues you learn about during this research may
become immediately relevant to you. Perhaps even in such a way that they might
affect your job performance and future career.

In anticipation of that possibility it is ideal for you to become informed of
these possibilities. Conducting research is the first step to accomplish this.

## Research

Your task is to answer the set of questions provided in the
**Your-Research-Notes.md** file by conducting research for information
regarding AI security risks and ethical considerations. You may utilize the
provided file to capture your research notes.

**Aim to capture thoughts in preparation to discuss with your peers. These
questions can be challenging so do not expect to have perfect answers for them.**

In engaging with these questions you are preparing yourself for your career by
becoming more informed of the potential issues of the AI tools at your disposal.

While completing these questions, you are encouraged to discuss your findings
with your peers or whomever you are assigned to work with by your instructors.

You may utilize any citable resource in accomplishing this task, even the
outputs of a generative AI, as long as you can cite a specific resource in
your notes. The task is not to write a research paper but your findings may be
useful in case you wish to share them with your peers.

Additionally, your instructors will provide a set time to facilitate these
discussions. You are expected to be prepared for this by completing the
research tasks and answering the provided questions.
